OH. MY GOD.
HENRY. HENRY.
HMM.
I THINK SOMEONE'S
TRYING TO GET IN.
LIBRARY WAS SUPPOSED
TO OPEN 10 MINUTES AGO.
OHH!
PANTS!
JACKET.
♪ DON'T EVEN BOTHER
♪ MUST BE SOMETHING
IN THE WATER ♪
♪ MAKING THE LADIES
GO ROUNDING THE BOYS ♪
♪ THEY LOOKING LIKE
SHEEP TO THE SLAUGHTER ♪
♪ CONFESSING TO FATHER
♪ DADDY. I TOOK OFF THE COLLAR
♪ NOW THEY DON'T
KNOW WHAT TO CALL HER ♪
♪ MAKING THE LADIES
GO ROUNDING THE BOYS ♪
♪ THEY LOOKING LIKE
SHEEP TO THE SLAUGHTER ♪
HENRY.
WHAT?
HE'S WATCHING US.
♪ NOW THEY DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO CALL HER... ♪
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S KINDA HOT. RIGHT?
♪ NOW I THINK I MIGHT'VE
FOUND MY FRIENDS ♪
♪ FUNNY 'CAUSE
THEY WANT US DEAD ♪
♪ WHEN THE VOICES CIRCLE
THROUGH MY HEAD ♪
♪ YOU BETTER RUN AWAY.
RUN AWAY. YEAH ♪
♪ AND BABY. IF IT HURTS.
SAY WHEN ♪
♪ I'LL STOP AND THEN
I'LL START AGAIN... ♪
JACKET.
♪ YOU BETTER RUN AWAY.
RUN AWAY. YEAH ♪
THIS IS PASSABLE.
YEAH. NO ONE
WOULD EVER SUSPECT.
NOPE.
RESHELVING'S DONE.
ALL YOURS. AHEM.
MORNING.
I-I THINK THEY KNEW.
WHAT?
NOTHING.
SO...
WE COULD TALK
ABOUT LAST NIGHT.
YEAH? WHICH PART?
HOW ABOUT THE OTHER PART--
THE SUPER-SECRET
HIDDEN BONUS TRACK
LULLABY ON
MEI-XUE'S TAPES.
AH. YEAH. THAT PART.
THE LIGHT LEADS THE WAY
TO THE SOURCE.
THE SOURCE.
A.K.A. "THE FORGE."
MEI-XUE SAYS THE ANSWERS
ARE IN THE LULLABY--
THAT IT'LL LEAD US
TO THE FORGE.
THOSE LYRICS WERE
PRETTY CRYPTIC.
I COULD START DIGGING.
SEE IF THOSE WORDS
CROP UP ANYWHERE
IN HISTORY.
IN CHAU'S RESEARCH.
IT'LL HAVE TO WAIT
A SECOND. 'CAUSE I GOTTA
T.A. A CLASS FIRST.
IT'S OK.
WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
WHAT?
YOU JUST SOUND...
DIFFERENT.
USUALLY. IT'S GO. GO. GO.
NOW. NOW. NOW.
I'M FEELING
ODDLY AT EASE.
SURE. ZHILAN'S AFTER
THE 8 WEAPONS
TO START BIANGE
AND HARNESS THAT POWER
FOR EVIL. BUT SHE NEEDS
TO FIND THE FORGE.
AND WE HAVE A BIG LEAD
TO FINDING IT.
OK. IT'S A CRYPTIC LEAD.
WE DON'T KNOW WHERE IT IS
OR HOW TO FIND IT
OR HOW EXACTLY
FINDING THE FORGE WILL
HELP US STOP HER.
BUT FOR THE FIRST TIME.
WE MIGHT KNOW
SOMETHING BIG
THAT ZHILAN DOESN'T.
THAT'S ALL?
NOT JUST THAT.
MY PARENTS ARE HAPPY.
ALTHEA'S GETTING MARRIED.
RYAN'S IN HIS FIRST
SERIOUS RELATIONSHIP.
SO. NOTHING ELSE IS
MAKING YOU FEEL AT EASE?
NOPE. NOT THAT
I CAN THINK OF.
-WHAT'S UP?
-MAMA CALLED AN EMERGENCY
FAMILY MEETING.
GOTTA HEAD
TO THE RESTAURANT.
THEN I GUESS
THIS IS GOOD-BYE.
JUST A COUPLE HOURS.
NO BIGGIE.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
HEY. AM I LATE?
YES. BUT RYAN'S LATER.
YOU'RE FINE.
TEA CUPS. PLEASE.
OK. WHERE WERE YOU
LAST NIGHT?
I WAS IN THE LIBRARY.
RESEARCHING.
UH-HUH.
WERE YOU RESEARCHING ALONE?
HENRY? WHAT?
TELL ME.
OK. WE WERE RESEARCHING
ANCIENT CHINESE LULLABIES.
AND THEN...
-AND THEN?
-MM...
NICKY!
YOU DID IT
IN A LIBRARY?
STOP.
I AM SO...IMPRESSED.
WHAT'S WITH
THE EARLY MEETING?
NO IDEA.
YOU OK?
ME? YEAH. FINE.
JUST SLEPT BADLY.
EXAMS COMING UP.
CLINIC'S BEEN BUSY.
YOU KNOW.
MORNING. EVERYONE!
HOPE YOU'RE HUNGRY!
THERE'S MORE
IN THE COUNTER.
OH. NO.
NO WHAT?
LAST TIME YOU
BUSTED OUT A FEAST
FOR A FAMILY MEETING.
YOU TOLD US RYAN'S
PET HAMSTER HAD CANCER.
R.I.P.. EBENEZER.
NOT BAD NEWS.
IF YOU LOOK AT IT THE RIGHT WAY.
LOOK AT WHAT
THE RIGHT WAY?
WELL. YOUR
BABA AND I
HAD A GOOD LOOK
AT OUR FINANCES
AND WE'VE
DECIDED TO. UM.
WIND DOWN
THE RESTAURANT.
WIND DOWN?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS CLOSE.
I DON'T GET IT.
YOU WERE JUST
PLANNING ALL THESE CHANGES.
WELL. WE KNEW IT WAS
PROBABLY COMING. BUT--
THEY RAISED
OUR RENT. AGAIN.
ALREADY WE'RE SINKING
DEEPER AND DEEPER INTO DEBT.
THESE FEW LITTLE CHANGES
NOT GONNA FIX
THE BIG PROBLEM.
WE'RE STUCK IN THIS LOOP
AND WE CAN'T SEE OUR WAY OUT.
OK. PLEASE. THIS TIME.
LET ME ASK DENNIS FOR HELP.
NO. ALTHEA.
IT'S NOT NECESSARY.
WE DISCUSSED IT.
IF THE RESTAURANT
CANNOT SUPPORT ITSELF. THEN...
IT IS TIME.
IT IS GOING
TO BE HARD
TO SAY GOOD-BYE. BUT
IT'S ALSO A BIG RELIEF.
TO STOP FIGHTING
THE NUMBERS.
WE HAVE ALWAYS PUT
EVERYTHING INTO
THIS RESTAURANT.
AND THERE'S SO MANY
THINGS WE HAVEN'T DONE.
WE THOUGHT MAYBE IF
WE JUST WIND IT DOWN.
CLIMB OUT OF DEBT.
IN A FEW YEARS.
WE MIGHT BE ABLE
TO TAKE THAT VACATION.
HMM.
YOU GUYS HAVE BEEN
TALKING ABOUT GOING ON
THAT EUROPEAN CRUISE
FOR DECADES.
OR SOMEWHERE
MORE REASONABLE.
JUST SOME TIME
AWAY SOMEWHERE.
OK. I HATE THIS. BUT
IF IT MEANS YOU TWO MIGHT
FINALLY TAKE A VACATION...
SO. YOU'RE JUST
GIVING UP?
ALL OF YOU?
I KNOW
IT'S SURPRISING. RYAN.
BUT BABA AND I CAME TO
THIS DECISION TOGETHER.
RYAN. THANK JOE FOR ME.
NOW HE DOESN'T HAVE TO HELP ME
REDESIGN LI'L DUMPY.
THANK GOODNESS.
SURE.
WHATEVER. LOOK.
I KNOW I DON'T GET A SAY
IN THIS DECISION.
BUT IT FEELS LIKE
EVERYONE'S DECIDED TO QUIT.
AND I THINK THAT SUCKS.
RYAN.
SORRY I HAVE
TO SKIP THE FEAST.
I GOTTA GET TO WORK.
HE JUST NEEDS
A LITTLE TIME.
I'LL CHECK ON HIM LATER.
NO. I'LL CHECK ON HIM.
YOU'VE GOT MORE RESEARCH TO DO.
HMM.
ALL RIGHT.
COME ON. EVERYBODY.
LET'S EAT.
YOU'LL NEED THIS.
IT'LL ONLY
GET YOU HALFWAY.
STAY ON COMMS.
COPY.
YOU SURE YOU
GOT THIS ALONE?
YOU COME WITH ME.
THEY'LL RECOGNIZE YOU
BEFORE YOU WALK
THROUGH THE DOOR.
HEY. IF YOU
TOLD ME EVERYTHING.
I'LL SEE YOU
IN 10 MINUTES.
WITH YOUR FATHER'S WEAPONS.
I'LL SEE YOU
IN 10 MINUTES.
♪ ...
♪ ALL THE GREEN
IN THE ROCKS ♪
♪ THAT YOU'RE NEVER GONNA HIT
♪ ... A CROWD LIKE THIS
♪ ...GET DOWN LIKE THIS?
♪ WHY YOU ONLY WANNA
GET DOWN LIKE THIS? ♪
♪ WHY YOU ALWAYS
GONNA GET DOWN LIKE THIS? ♪
♪ WHY YOU ALWAYS WANNA
GET DOWN... ♪
ON THE WALL.
BEHIND THE PAINTING.
GOT IT.♪ ...GONNA GET. WHY YOU
ALWAYS GONNA GET ♪
♪ WHY YOU ALWAYS WANNA
GET DOWN LIKE THIS? ♪
OH. YOUR SISTER'S BIRTHDAY.
QUITE SWEET.
DADDY PLAYS FAVORITES.
CLEARLY.
♪ WHY YOU ALWAYS WANNA
GET DOWN LIKE THIS? ♪
AND NOW THE FUN PART.
INDEED.
♪ WHY YOU ALWAYS WANNA
GET DOWN LIKE THIS? ♪
AHH. HOW WAS MY TIME?
11 MINUTES.
DAMN.
MM. DRIVE.
ONLY ONE TO GO.
HEY.
THOUGHT YOU COULD USE
A BRAIN BOOST.
GOT YOU MANGO.
YOU KNOW MY FLAVOR.
MM-HMM.
I'M ATTENTIVE.
YOU KNOW MINE?
OF COURSE I DO.
JASMINE MILK TEA.
HALF SWEET. EXTRA BOBA.
CHEATER.
OK. SO. MEI-XUE SAID
ZHILAN CAN'T START BIANGE
WITHOUT GOING TO THE FORGE.
AND EVERYTHING WE NEED
TO FIND THE FORGE
IS IN THE LULLABY.
YEAH. I'VE BEEN LOOKING.
NO LYRIC MATCHES
IN CHINESE HISTORY
OR CHAU'S RESEARCH.
WHAT IS IT?
I THOUGHT THESE TAPES
WERE ADDRESSED TO ME.
MY AUNT WAS
SPEAKING TO ME.
HER BLOODLINE DESCENDANT.
THE ONE TO WIELD THE SWORD.
BUT IF SHE WANTED ME
TO FIND THE FORGE.
WHY BE SO CRYPTIC?
SINGING A LULLABY
I'VE NEVER EVEN HEARD OF?
NOW WE'RE STUCK SEARCHING
FOR LYRIC MATCHES.
YEAH. PRETTY
TIME-CONSUMING.
EVAN. HEY.
I'M WITH HENRY.
HEY. GUYS.
GOT SOME NEWS ON ZHILAN
FROM MY CONTACT AT INTERPOL.
A BANK'S SECURITY CAMERA
PICKED HER UP IN PUBLIC.
-WHERE?
ACROSS THE STREET
FROM A CORPORATE BUILDING--
THE LANZHOU OFFICE
OF A CHINESE CONGLOMERATE--
TAN. CONSOLIDATED.
THERE WAS A BREAK-IN LAST NIGHT.
I'M SENDING YOU PICS NOW.
THOSE BAGS--
COULD THEY BE WEAPONS?
COULD BE.
AND THE WEIRD THING?
THE SECOND THIS SURVEILLANCE
FOOTAGE CAME TO LIGHT.
THE TAN COMPANY WITHDREW
THEIR COMPLAINT.
SAID THEY'D
HANDLE IT INTERNALLY.
WHATEVER SHE STOLE. COMPANY
WANTS TO KEEP IT PRIVATE.
THANKS. EVAN.
I'LL LET YOU KNOW
IF I HEAR ANYTHING ELSE.
IF SHE'S GOT
MORE WEAPONS...
I KNOW.
WE GOTTA MOVE FAST.
I MAY HAVE A SHORTCUT.
A FRIEND OF MINE.
SHE'S A GRAD STUDENT
IN ANTHROPOLOGICAL
LINGUISTICS.
SHE HAS ACCESS TO
A BETA PROGRAM
THAT TRANSLATES TEXT INTO
ANY KNOWN HISTORICAL LANGUAGE
AND THEN SCOURS BOOKS.
ARTICLES. AND THE INTERNET
FOR ANY SIMILARITIES.
WE COULD PLUG THOSE LYRICS
INTO THIS ALGORITHM
AND IF THEY EXIST
ONLINE ANYWHERE
OR IN ANY LANGUAGE.
WE'LL GET A HIT.
CALL YOUR FRIEND.
HEY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
CHECKING ON YOU.
I'M BUSY.
AND I DON'T NEED
TO BE CHECKED ON.
ARE YOU SURE?
I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU
ACT THIS BRATTY SINCE
NICKY GOT BACK FROM CHINA.
I'M NOT BEING BRATTY.
I'M MAD.
WHY? 'CAUSE
MAMA AND BABA
MADE A BIG DECISION
WITHOUT CONSULTING US?
RYAN. IT'S THEIR
DECISION TO MAKE.
COULDN'T THEY HAVE
TALKED TO US?
YEAH. THEY TRIED.
YOU STORMED OUT.
I'M NOT SAYING IT'LL BE
EASY TO SAVE THE RESTAURANT.
BUT ISN'T IT
WORTH THE EFFORT?
ARE YOU SURE THIS IS
ABOUT THE RESTAURANT?
I SAW THE LOOK
ON YOUR FACE
WHEN BABA MENTIONED JOE.
NOT TO MENTION.
I'M STILL WAITING ON
YOUR PLUS-ONE RSVP.
WHAT HAPPENED?
HE LEFT.
GOT A JOB IN CHICAGO.
IT'S OVER.
OH. RYAN.
OK. I TYPED IN
THE LYRICS.
LET'S SEE IF WE GET A HIT.
PFFT. NO LUCK.
OK. SO MUCH FOR THAT.
WHOA. THE PINYIN
HIT A KOREAN MATCH.
WHAT IS IT?
SOME KIND OF ANCIENT TEXT?
A KOREAN MYTH?
NO. IT'S A POP SONG.
THE LYRICS ARE
ALMOST AN EXACT MATCH
TO MEI-XUE'S.
WHO'S THE ARTIST?
UH. THIS GUY.
HIS NAME'S SIMON LAU.
HE'S A K-POP STAR.
WHAT'S A K-POP STAR DOING
SINGING MY AUNT'S LULLABY?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT'S A CHINESE GUY
DOING SINGING K-POP?
ACTUALLY NOT UNCOMMON.
BILINGUAL POP STARS.
WORKING BOTH MARKETS.
ALTHEA WENT THROUGH
A BIG KRIS WU PHASE.
OH.
HENRY. LOOK.
IT LOOKS LIKE
PEI-LING AND ZHILAN'S NECKLACE.
JUST A DIFFERENT SYMBOL.
A FALCON.
DO YOU THINK
SIMON LAU
COULD BE A GUARDIAN?
SO. YOU JUST GONNA
STARE AT YOUR DRINK?
IT DOESN'T TASTE GOOD.
NOTHING DOES.
YEAH. BREAKUPS'LL
DO THAT TO YOU.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
JUST TELL US?
I WOULD'VE TOLD
YOU AND NICKY EVENTUALLY.
JUST--THEY JUST MET HIM.
EVEN WORSE.
THEY LOVED HIM.
HE'S LEAVING FOR A JOB.
THEY'RE NOT GONNA
JUDGE YOU ON THAT.
I KNOW THAT--RATIONALLY.
I...I JUST...
FEEL SO HUMILIATED.
LIKE-
WHEN I WAS WITH JOE.
I HAD ALL THESE
NEW FEELINGS.
LIKE. I COULD
ACTUALLY SEE MYSELF
GETTING MARRIED.
HAVING KIDS.
THE TRUTH IS.
I REALIZED. AND I KNOW
THIS IS GONNA
SOUND WEIRD. BUT...
I WANT WHAT
MAMA AND BABA HAVE.
YOU KNOW?
THE WHOLE
LONG-TERM LONG-TERM THING.
TILL DEATH DO US PART.
I HAD NO IDEA YOU
WERE SUCH A NORMIE.
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW!
I WAS LOOKING AT REAL ESTATE
IN BERKELEY HILLS.
OH.
IT WAS BAD.
AND THE WORST THING
IS. I--
I DIDN'T GET TO
SHOW HIM WHO I AM.
LIKE...I NEVER
GOT THE CHANCE
TO SHOW HIM
THE REAL ME.
IT JUST FEELS
LIKE A BIG WASTE.
OK. I KNOW YOU CAN'T
SEE IT NOW.
BUT IT WASN'T A WASTE.
YOU GREW
SO MUCH WITH JOE.
CAN YOU IMAGINE
A FEW MONTHS AGO
BEING OUT AND PROUD
WITH MAMA AND BABA?
HAVING THEM ASK
YOUR BOYFRIEND
TO MY WEDDING?
IT'S 'CAUSE OF
HOW STRONG YOU'VE GOTTEN.
HOW MUCH YOU'VE GROWN.
IN THE MEANTIME...
YES. I SENSE A PATENTED
ALTHEA INSIGHT
COMING ON.
MAYBE.
JUST...TRY NOT
TO MIX UP
JOE'S DECISION WITH
MAMA AND BABA'S. OK?
JOE LEAVING FOR CHICAGO.
THE RESTAURANT CLOSING--
BOTH ARE HARD.
BUT TWO VERY
DIFFERENT THINGS.
OK. UNLESS SIMON LAU
FOUND THAT NECKLACE
AT A SWAP MEET.
HE'S A GUARDIAN.
HIS FAMILY SYMBOL
IS THE FALCON.
WHICH MEANS HIS BLOODLINE
PROTECTS A METEOR HAMMER-
RUMORED TO BE ONE OF
THE 8 ANCIENT WEAPONS.
OK. IF SIMON'S
A GUARDIAN
AND HE'S PUTTING
MEI-XUE'S LULLABY
INTO HIS POP SONGS.
HE COULD KNOW MORE.
LIKE WHERE THE FORGE
COULD BE.
POSSIBLY. WE GOTTA
TALK TO HIM.
BUT FLYING TO SEOUL
IS. LIKE.
HELLA EXPENSIVE. RIGHT?
I DON'T THINK WE
NEED TO FLY TO SEOUL.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
LAU JUST STARTED HIS
NORTH AMERICAN TOUR.
HE'S GOT A SHOW
IN L.A. TONIGHT.
WE'RE NEVER GONNA
MAKE THAT.
AND HE'S GOT A SHOW
AT THE BELMONDO TOMORROW.
-THE CASINO?
-MM-HMM.
HMM. LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
GOING TO VEGAS. BABY.
SO. WHAT'S THE PLAN?
WE HEAD TO SIMON LAU'S
PRE-SHOW MEET AND GREET.
IT'S OUR ONLY CHANCE
OF GETTING CLOSE ENOUGH
TO ACTUALLY TALK
TO THE GUY.
ONCE WE'RE THERE.
WE JUST ASK.
ASK WHAT HE KNOWS ABOUT
HIS GUARDIAN BLOODLINE.
WHY HE WROTE MEI-XUE'S
LULLABY INTO HIS POP SONG.
AND HOPE HE'LL TELL US
EVERYTHING HE KNOWS
ABOUT THE LOCATION
OF THE FORGE.
I KNOW THAT PLAN.
I MEANT THE PLAN
FOR...AFTER.
WELL. OUR SUITE'S
PRETTY NICE.
-IT IS.
-IT'S GOT A BED
AND EVERYTHING.
-I NOTICED THAT.
-WHO'D HAVE THOUGHT--
ALL THAT BED FOR
JUST $79 A NIGHT.
THAT'S HOW THEY GET YOU.
CASINO KNOWS
THEY'RE GONNA MAKE THEIR
MONEY BACK AT THE TABLES.
JOKE'S ON THEM
'CAUSE WE
WON'T BE LEAVING
THE ROOM.
HERE WE ARE.
ALL WE NEED TO DO IS
SCORE SOME TICKETS.
UHH. SOLD OUT.
THOUGHT THIS
MIGHT HAPPEN.
UM...
HEY. UM.
ANY CHANCE YOU TWO
COULD SELL US YOUR TICKETS?
THIS TICKET?
IT'S PRICELESS.
CLEARLY. YOU TWO
ARE NOT REAL LAUVERS.
OK.
COME ON.
THIS IS TAKING TOO LONG.
OW!
MOVE OUT OF THE WAY.
HEY!
WHATEVER.
YOU'LL GET YOUR TURN.
JERKS.
HOLD UP.
LOOK AT HER BUTT.
LOOK AT HER BUTT?
NO. NOT LIKE THAT. LOOK.
OH. MY GOD.
IS THAT SIMON?
OH. MY GOD!
OH. NO. WAIT.
IT'S JUST A CARDBOARD CUTOUT.
OH. BUMMER!
OH. MY GOD.
WHERE ARE THEY?
I HAD THEM JUST
A SECOND AGO. I SWEAR.
YOU HAD BETTER
BE JOKING RIGHT NOW.
I'M NOT JOKING.
THEY'RE GONE.
SORRY. NO TICKETS.
NO ENTRANCE.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS!
YOU ARE SO FIRED.
I TOLD YOU I NEEDED
TO BRING THE TICKETS
AND YOU SAID. NO.
YOU HAVE THEM.
THANK YOU.
I THOUGHT
YOU GUYS WERE HAPPY.
WE WERE.
HE JUST
GOT AN OPPORTUNITY
AND COULDN'T TURN IT DOWN.
YOU OK. SON?
I WILL BE.
JUST NEED SOME TIME. BUT...
ACTUALLY. THAT'S NOT WHAT I
WANTED TO TALK ABOUT.
WHAT?
THE RESTAURANT.
CLOSING OR WINDING DOWN?
I DON'T THINK YOU SHOULD
DO IT LIKE THIS.
I DON'T THINK YOU WANT TO.
NOT REALLY.
IT'S NOT JUST
WHAT WE WANT. SON.
I KNOW
IT'S HARD. BUT
I SAW HOW LIT UP
YOU WERE.
MAKING PLANS.
CHANGING THINGS UP
AROUND HERE.
MOM IN THE KITCHEN.
YOU IN THE FRONT OF HOUSE.
BUT ALL OUR PLANS
FOR SAVING THIS PLACE--
REDESIGNS AND RENOVATIONS--
THEY ALL COST MONEY.
MAMA. AUNT MEI-XUE'S
PLUM SAUCE
IS INCREDIBLE!
AND IT GOT ME THINKING
THERE'S SO MANY THINGS
WE COULD DO THAT
WON'T COST US ANYTHING.
CHANGING THE MENU
DOES NOT PAY THE BILLS.
I KNOW. BUT
WHEN YOU OPENED UP
THIS PLACE...
WHEN YOU DESIGNED THE MENU.
YOU SAID IT YOURSELF. BABA.
YOU TOLD ME YOU WERE
PUTTING YOURSELF
IN A BOX.
AMERICAN CHINESE FOOD.
AUTHENTIC ENOUGH
FOR THE LOCALS. BUT NOT
TOO AUTHENTIC
FOR THE TOURISTS.
YOU REMEMBER THAT? YEAH.
YEAH.
YEAH. AND I REMEMBER
EVERYONE BEING IN
A PANIC OVER MSG.
YOU STRIPPED IT
FROM THE MENU.
WE HAD NO CHOICE.
THE CUSTOMERS WERE ASKING.
I TELL YOU.
THE PAN-FRIED SHRIMP
NEVER TASTED THE SAME.
TIMES HAVE CHANGED.
YOU'VE CHANGED.
I'LL SUPPORT YOU. OK?
WHATEVER YOU DECIDE.
BUT IF THE WRITING'S
ON THE WALL.
IF HARMONY DUMPLINGS
NEEDS TO CLOSE.
AT LEAST GO OUT ON YOUR TERMS.
BEFORE YOU CLOSE UP.
MAKE THIS THE BEST.
MOST AUTHENTIC VERSION
OF ITSELF.
YOUR HISTORY.
YOUR FOOD.
THANKS. LAUVERS.
HERE'S THE LINK
FOR YOUR PICTURES.
OK. COME ON.
GET OVER HERE!
OH. CUTE COUPLE.
YOU ARE A COUPLE. RIGHT?
UH--UH. YEAH.
HAD TO ASK.
HAD AN AWKWARD MOMENT WITH
A BROTHER AND SISTER ONCE.
OH. MY.
OK.
EVERYBODY SAY. "STARDUST."
STAR-
WHOO!
GOT IT.
THAT'S GONNA BE A GREAT ONE.
OK. WHO DO I
MAKE THIS OUT TO?
UM...HEH.
I KNOW ABOUT THE LYRICS
TO "TWO WORLDS."
HUH.
THAT'S QUITE A LONG NAME.
HEY. JUST
GIVE ME A MINUTE?
ALL GOOD.
OK.
WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
THIS IS HENRY.
I'M NICKY SHEN.
I'M A DESCENDANT OF
LIANG DAIYU--
PART OF THE SWORD'S
WARRIOR BLOODLINE.
WE'RE TRYING TO STOP BIANGE.
BIANGE.
YOU'VE HEARD OF IT.
YEAH. BUT LIKE.
IT'S A FAIRY TALE.
SOME STORY MY GRANDFATHER
TOLD ME AS A KID.
SAME AS THE ONE
ABOUT ME BEING
A GUARDIAN.
IT'S NOT REAL.
IT IS. SIMON.
ALL OF IT.
"THE LIGHT LEADS
THE WAY TO THE SOURCE."
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
NOTHING. MAN.
IT'S JUST SOME
LYRIC I TOOK
FROM A SONG MY
WAI GONG USED TO SING.
NO. IT MEANS SOMETHING.
IT HAS TO.
NO. IT DOESN'T.
IT'S JUST A MYTH.
IF YOU DON'T BELIEVE
IN IT. THEN
WHY PUT THE LYRICS
IN A SONG?
I LIKED HOW IT SOUNDS.
AND THE GUARDIAN NECKLACE?
WHY WEAR IT?
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S SENTIMENTAL.
LIKE THE SONG.
WAI GONG GAVE IT TO ME.
IS THAT ALL
HE GAVE YOU?
DID HE GIVE YOU
THE METEOR HAMMER?
HE DID.
YOU HAVE IT.
SIMON. IF YOU
HAVE THAT WEAPON--
YOU'RE IN DANGER.
THERE'S A WOMAN OUT THERE.
AN ASSASSIN. WHO WILL
STOP AT NOTHING
TO GET IT FROM YOU.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHEN
TO QUIT. DO YOU?
WHAT. YOU THOUGHT
I WOULDN'T NOTICE
THE COINCIDENCE?
WHAT--WHAT COINCIDENCE?
OK. I GET A CALL
3 DAYS AGO.
SOME COLLECTOR
CLAIMED TO KNOW
I HAVE THE HAMMER.
OFFERED ME SERIOUS
MONEY FOR IT.
I TELL HER NO.
IT'S NOT FOR SALE.
GUESS SHE MADE
ANOTHER PLAY.
SENDS YOU TWO FOOLS HERE
WITH A STORY ABOUT
-HOW WE'RE CONNECTED.
-NO. THAT'S NOT--
WE HAVE THE SAME
FAMILY LEGEND.
JUST--WOW.
SIMON. THAT'S NOT--
GET THEM OUT OF HERE.
ALL RIGHT.
MEET AND GREET'S OVER.
SIMON. YOU
DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THAT WOMAN.
I PROMISE YOU.
SHE'S COMING
FOR YOUR WEAPON.
SHE WILL KILL YOU.
MEET AND GREET'S OVER...
SIMON!
ALL RIGHT. OK.
DON'T EVEN
THINK ABOUT COMING BACK.
WELL. WHAT NOW?
WE NEED TO GET
BACK INSIDE.
GET TO SIMON
BEFORE ZHILAN DOES.
WE'RE OFFICIALLY
PERSONA NON GRATA
AT THE BELMONDO.
YUP.
CAMERAS'LL PICK
US UP ANYWHERE
ON THE CASINO FLOOR.
CAN'T GO
THROUGH THE FRONT.
WE'LL NEED TO FIND
ANOTHER WAY IN.
AN HOUR OF
FAN MEET AND GREETS
AND NOW A MEETING WITH EXECS?
I THOUGHT I TOLD ELI
I HATE BEING
OVERSCHEDULED ON SHOW NIGHTS.
ELI SAID
IT WON'T TAKE LONG.
SIMON. SUCH A PLEASURE
TO FINALLY MEET YOU
IN PERSON.
YEAH. YOU. TOO.
ANYTHING TO DRINK?
OH. NO. THANK YOU.
WE'D LIKE TO CUT
RIGHT TO THE CHASE.
UH. WHAT CHASE?
THOUGHT YOU GUYS JUST
WANTED TO MEET ME.
WELL. THAT WAS
A SMALL FIB.
YOU'RE NOT
FROM THE LABEL.
I'M HERE TO FOLLOW UP
ON OUR CONVERSATION
ABOUT A CERTAIN WEAPON
YOU HAVE IN
YOUR POSSESSION.
OK. WHAT THE HELL
IS GOING ON HERE?
I'M SORRY FOR
THE DECEPTION. BUT
I KNEW IF WE MET
FACE TO FACE.
WE COULD COME TO
SOME SORT OF AGREEMENT.
-GET OUT OF MY ROOM.
-SIMON.
I'M WILLING
TO NEGOTIATE.
BUT I WILL NOT
ACCEPT A HARD "NO."
I SAID GET OUT. NOW!
YOU HEARD THE MAN.
TIME TO GO.
THIS WOULD BE
MUCH EASIER
IF YOU WOULD
JUST COOPERATE.
WAIT.
YOU CAN'T JUST DO THIS.
THERE ARE CAMERAS.
SECURITY MUST'VE
SEEN YOU COME IN HERE.
OH. WE HACKED
THE SECURITY CAMERAS.
LOOPED THE FOOTAGE
FROM THE HALLWAY AND...
YES. THEY DIDN'T
SEE A THING.
THE ONLY PEOPLE THAT
KNOW WE ARE HERE ARE DEAD.
IT DOESN'T HAVE TO END
THAT WAY FOR YOU.
MY MONEY IS STILL
ON THE TABLE.
YOU KNOW
WHAT WE CAME FOR.
WE THOUGHT
IT'D BE FAR EASIER
SIMPLY TO PURCHASE
THE WEAPONS.
I'M REALLY TRYING HARD
TO AVOID MURDERING
ONE OF MY FAVORITE
CELEBRITIES. BUT--
WE WILL KILL YOU
TO GET WHAT WE WANT.
SIMON...
JUST GIVE IT UP.
LOOK. I DON'T
HAVE IT.
SIMON. PLEASE.
I MEAN. I DON'T
HAVE IT ON ME.
IT'S BACK IN MY
APARTMENT IN SEOUL.
I DOUBT THAT.
YOU TRAVEL
HALF THE YEAR.
SOMETIMES MORE.
YOU FLY PRIVATE
EXCLUSIVELY.
OH. THAT HAD ME THINKING.
FLYING COMMERCIAL
WITH A DEADLY METEOR HAMMER.
THAT WOULD RAISE QUESTIONS
WITH SECURITY.
ALL THAT
BECAUSE YOU CAN'T BEAR
TO BE APART FROM
YOUR PRECIOUS HAMMER.
THE FALCON--INSIGNIA
OF THE HAMMER'S
GUARDIAN FAMILY.
YOU'RE A GUARDIAN?
YES.
WE ARE MORE ALIKE
THAN YOU REALIZE.
YOU GAVE UP YOUR
FAMILY'S LEGACY
TO PURSUE
YOUR OWN DESTINY.
I KNOW THAT WASN'T EASY.
YOU JUST KILLED
TWO PEOPLE
OVER A BEDTIME STORY.
WE'RE NOTHING ALIKE.
YOU CLAIM NOT TO BELIEVE
IN THE LEGENDS. YET
YOU HAVE THE STARS
IMPRINTED ON YOUR BODY.
I'VE SEEN
THIS CONSTELLATION
IN THE GUARDIAN SCROLLS.
ACTUALLY. YOUR TATTOO--
THAT'S HOW I FOUND YOU.
YOUR RATHER--HEH--
PROVOCATIVE SPREAD
IN "ROLLING STONE."
THAT PATTERN
IS IMPORTANT.
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
WHAT IT MEANS?
THIS WASN'T
SUPPOSED TO BE REAL.
MY FATHER. MY GRANDFATHER.
THEY TOLD STORIES
ABOUT MY BLOODLINE.
I THOUGHT IT WAS
JUST TALL TALES.
A NONBELIEVER.
YET YOU CLING
TO THE WEAPON.
WHAT IS IT TO YOU. HMM?
A MEMENTO?
A LUCKY CHARM?
HEY. HEY.
YOU'VE DONE WELL
FOR YOURSELF. SIMON.
YOU KNOW. MY FATHER
SAYS HE CREDITS
ALL HIS SUCCESS AND WEALTH
TO OWNING A FEW
OF THE WEAPONS.
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE
TO GIVE IT UP.
YOU'RE OUT OF OPTIONS.
WHERE IS IT?
I GIVE IT TO YOU.
YOU'LL JUST KILL ME.
I HAVE NO INTEREST
IN SPILLING MORE BLOOD
UNLESS I HAVE TO.
YOU HAVE MY WORD.
FINE.
I'LL GIVE YOU
WHAT YOU WANT.
PLEASE. EXCUSE ME
FOR JUST ONE MOMENT.
A PROBLEM?
I'LL DEAL WITH IT.
IT'S IN THERE.
YOU'VE TRAINED.
SINCE I WAS 5.
SO. I WAS RIGHT.
PART OF YOU BELIEVES.
WELL...THIS'LL BE
MORE FUN THAN I THOUGHT.
HELLO.
AH. NO.
THE CAMERAS
ARE LOOPED.
NOBODY CAN SEE US.
NO ONE'S COMING
TO HELP YOU.
YOU MUST BE
THE AMERICAN.
OH. I'VE BEEN LOOKING
FORWARD TO MEETING YOU.
JUST WALK AWAY.
YOU'RE STRONG.
BUT NOT AS STRONG
AS THIS.
THEY SAY A WEAPON
TRULY BELONGS
TO THE ONE WHO
WIELDS IT BEST.
SO FAR...
I'M NOT IMPRESSED.
WE NEED TO GET
TO SIMON.
ONLY ONE OF US DOES.
YOU TAKE THE OPENING.
NICKY. GO!
IT COULD'VE
BEEN SIMPLE.
YOU COULD'VE TAKEN
THE MONEY.
YOU'RE NOT GETTING
THE WEAPON THIS TIME.
YOU'RE GETTING COCKY.
I LIKE THAT.
YOU GOOD?
I GOT YOU.
THE POP STAR
AND THE MONK.
WHAT A DUO.
UHH!
I WOULDN'T.
HENRY.
NICKY!
UHH!
AND THE HAMMER MAKES 8.
NO.
BYE. CHILDREN.
SIMON. DON'T!
UHH!
SIMON. OK.
I'M SORRY.
I SHOULD'VE
LISTENED TO YOU.
SHH. SHH.
OK. DON'T TALK.
YOU'RE OK.
NO. I NEED TO.
THE LINE...
THE LIGHT LEADS
THE WAY TO THE SOURCE.
WAI GONG
USED TO CALL IT
THE SONG OF THE SWORD.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
HE SAID
THE SONG WAS SUNG FROM
THE SWORD'S PERSPECTIVE.
OK. NO. NO.
YOU'RE OK.
OK. HEY.
HEY. SIMON.
SI--SIMON.
NICKY.
SIMON.
NICKY. WE CAN'T
STAY HERE.
HE'S GONE.
I'M SORRY.
WE'VE GOT TO GO.
OK. I'M SORRY.
AHH.
SIMON LAU WAS FOUND MURDERED
ALONG WITH TWO MEMBERS
OF HIS ENTOURAGE
IN HIS PENTHOUSE SUITE
AT THE BELMONDO.
LAS VEGAS POLICE SAY THERE ARE
NO SUSPECTS AT PRESENT.
HEY. DON'T LOOK
AT ALL THAT.
IT WON'T CHANGE ANYTHING.
I MESSED UP. HENRY.
LAU WENT AFTER THE HAMMER.
YOU TRIED TO STOP HIM.
NO. NOT THEN.
WHEN I SAW YOU IN DANGER...
I HESITATED. I--
NICKY. THAT WAS
A SPLIT SECOND.
A SPLIT SECOND
WAS ALL IT TOOK.
ZHILAN HAS ALL
THE WEAPONS NOW.
SIMON IS DEAD.
HE WAS INNOCENT.
THIS SHOULDN'T
HAVE HAPPENED.
AND I FEEL GUILTY
BECAUSE I'M RELIEVED.
RELIEVED?
RELIEVED THAT
I DIDN'T LOSE YOU.
SIMON TRIED TO HELP US.
HE WANTED TO GIVE US
A MESSAGE BEFORE HE DIED.
DID ANYTHING HE SAID
MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU?
NO.
THE LULLABY WAS THE SONG
OF THE SWORD.
SUNG FROM THE PERSPECTIVE
"THE LIGHT LEADS THE WAY"?
WAIT A SEC. I--
WHAT?
DRIVE FASTER.
THE LAST LINE.
"THE LIGHT
SHINES THROUGH
LEADING TO
THE SOURCE."
IF THE SONG IS SUNG
FROM THE SWORD'S PERSPECTIVE.
I THOUGHT WHAT COULD
THE SWORD SHINE THROUGH?
THE SCABBARD.
I KNEW IT HAD TO
BE IMPORTANT.
ZHILAN WENT THROUGH
ALL THE TROUBLE OF HIRING
RAZOR TO GET IT.
THE LIGHT.
BIANGE ENERGY.
THE GREEN GLOW THAT
EMANATES FROM THE SWORD.
WE DON'T HAVE
THE SWORD. BUT
DO YOU HAVE
A FLASHLIGHT?
YEAH. EARTHQUAKE KIT.
GET IT.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
OH. I'M NOT
TOTALLY SURE.
HENRY...
IT'S A STAR CHART.
ONE OF THE OLDEST FORMS
OF NAVIGATION.
THAT CONSTELLATION.
IT MATCHES SIMON'S TATTOO.
I THINK THIS IS A MAP.
A MAP TO THE FORGE.
SIT DOWN.
AH--MM-MM-MM.
HEY.
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
WE'RE STARVING.
WE ALMOST STARTED
WITHOUT YOU.
STARTED WHAT?
I JUST GOT MAMA'S
EMERGENCY TEXT.
...SIT.
DOWN.
OK. WHAT'S
THE EMERGENCY?
NO EMERGENCY.
JUST GOOD NEWS.
WE'LL TRY TO STAY OPEN.
FOR A FEW MONTHS.
WHAT CHANGED?
RYAN TALKED SOME
SENSE INTO US.
OK. WE CANNOT AFFORD
THE RENOVATIONS. BUT
WE CAN DO WHAT WE WANT.
BE OURSELVES
FOR A CHANGE.
GOOD FOOD.
FAMILY FAVORITES.
MAMA'S FAMILY RECIPES.
BABA. COME.
OH. OK.
GOOD JOB.
JUST IN TIME FOR
PO PO'S VISIT.
JUST TRYING TO KEEP UP
THE GOOD VIBES
FOR ALTHEA'S WEDDING.
ALTHEA TOLD ME ABOUT JOE.
I'M SORRY.
THANKS. I'LL BE OK.
YOU KNOW YOU CAN
TALK TO ME WHENEVER.
OF COURSE.
I KNOW YOU'VE GOT MY BACK.
AND ALTHEA TOLD ME
ABOUT HENRY.
GO GET IT.
SORRY. SIS.
JUST KEEPING
THE LINES OF
COMMUNICATION OPEN.
MM-HMM.
OH!
STIR-FRIED LOTUS ROOT?
ORGANIC. TOO.
I WENT ALL THE WAY
TO STOCKTON.
AHH! MY FAVORITE.
I HAVEN'T HAD
THIS SINCE--
IT WAS THE LAST THING
I MADE FOR YOU BEFORE
YOU LEFT FOR CHINA.
YOU'RE GONNA PUT IT
ON THE MENU?
YES. AND A LOT MORE.
OH!
I FORGOT THE RICE.
NICKY. PLEASE.
CAN YOU GET IT
FROM THE COUNTER?
THANK YOU.
ARE YOU
SURPRISED. MY CHILD?
MY FAMILY.
THEY'RE HEALED.
OR HEALING. AT LEAST.
YES.
BUT I DIDN'T
DO THAT.
THEY DID IT THEMSELVES.
PERHAPS. BUT YOU HELPED.
YOUR RETURN SET
THESE WHEELS IN MOTION.
NOW YOU HAVE FOUND
A WAY TO THE FORGE.
I THINK SO.
THERE'S STILL A LOT
TO FIGURE OUT.
BIANGE'S COMING.
SOON IT WILL BE TIME.
FOR WHAT?
YOU KNOW. CHILD.
TO PROTECT YOUR FAMILY.
TO PROTECT EVERYONE
YOU LOVE.
YOU WILL HAVE TO
LEAVE THEM AGAIN.
♪ THERE'S TROUBLE
♪ TROUBLE AHEAD...
RICE.♪ MM. REDEMPTION
♪ AIN'T COMING 'ROUND NO MORE
♪ MM. THERE'S TROUBLE
♪ TROUBLE AHEAD
♪ IT'S ALL GOING DOWN. LORD.
THERE'S TROUBLE AHEAD ♪
GREG. MOVE YOUR HEAD.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-